# Denpendence
1. Install **Kismet**

    [Kismet install documentation, which includes all systems](https://www.kismetwireless.net/docs/readme/packages/)

2. Install **Python3**
    
    If you have python, please check the verison
    ```
    $ python --version
    ```
    Install all the following python dependence
    ```python
    pip install certifi cffi chardet Click cryptography Flask idna Jinja2 MarkupSafe numpy pycparser pycryptodome PyMySQL requests six urllib3 virtualenv virtualenvwrapper-win Werkzeug
    ```
    **Note:** If you have install some of them, just check the dependece version. Many of them are for flask. So only cryptography packages is nessary

# Kismet setup
1. Making sure you have wifi card on your machine that supports monitor mode

    [You can check your wifi card here](https://techwiser.com/check-if-wireless-adapter-supports-monitor-mode/)

2. Download the entire package and enter the Seeet folder
3. In one command prompt, enter Seeet folder
    ```
    $ kismet
    ```
    In a new Web browser page, enter http://localhost:2501/. Enable the wifi monitor in this web.

    To enable wifi monitor for kismet, you can select the left right corner menu, and select Data Sources.

    In Data Sources, you are able to see the wifi card that support monitor mode, enable it.

    **Note**: if you only have one wifi card, open monitor mode will let you offline, which you are able to send data to external server

    **Note:** you should be able to see two new file in this folder, one end with ".kismet" and another end with ".kismet-journal"

# Running
Running everything locally
## server
1. Open the server in the Seeet folder
2. run server script
    ```
    python app.py
    ```
    **Note:** In case you cannot open the app, the server is running in port 80
    so you want to use 
    ```
    sudo python app.py
    ```
    **Note:** If you running a problem with port 80 has been occupied, then
    ```
    sudo lsof -i:80
    kill "pid"
    ```
    this will help you close the anything running in port 80
    then you can re-run the app.py
    
3. Open other command, enter the folder Seeet, run the kismet_init.py
    ```
    $ python kismet_init.py "Kismet_data.kismet" "Your wifi name" local
    ```
    *kismet_data.kismet*: this should be the file generated by kismet and in Seeet folder. This parameter is for init script to open the database contains with the wifi packages information

    *your wifi name*: This parameters should be your home wifi name. Since we are using the wifi AP as the target AP. ***NOTE! IMPORTANT! DO NOT INPUT OTHERS WIFI NAME!***

    *local*: This parameters is where you have option, one is local, and another is online. Local help you test locally, but online will send the data to the cloud server. Since testing program need to be offline due to kismet, then use **local** will do the local test.

    **Note**: "Kismet_data.kismet" is in this folder while running kismet, the name should be like something "Kismet-20200419-02-00-10-1.kismet". Replace the name within your folder

## client
1. Open the web browser, and open http://127.0.0.1:80/
